[breathing heavily]
[Raphtalia] Master Naofumi!
[Filo] Master!
[Rishia] Are you all right?!
Don’t worry.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
I’m totally fine.
There’s no use in lying to me.
- You can tell, huh?
- [Filo chuckles]
- [rocks clatter]
- [all gasp]
If I’m not mistaken,
you are the fabled Shield Hero,
are you not?
Yeah. And what about it?
[woman] I thought so.
I beg of you,
please kill me
and put an end to this.
Wait, what?
- [high-pitched screeching]
- [all gasp]
She’s gone.
I don’t see her anywhere.
[Japanese music playing]
[wind blowing]
[Mirellia] How are
things looking so far?
[man] After the Spirit Tortoise
destroyed the capital,
it made its way
toward this border town
before it suddenly
stopped altogether.
And if the legends are correct,
then it will remain
in that state
for around two or three days.
[man 2] You mean to tell me
that accursed creature
destroyed the nation’s capital,
took the lives
of the royal family,
and now is taking a nap?
Legends say
that the Spirit Tortoise
is more likely to attack
densely populated areas
than others.
If we proceed
with that logic in mind,
then its next target
would be Lowhirot
and this was merely
a stop along its way.
[man 3] But the Spirit Tortoise
can’t afford to ignore
a force as large
as the one we’ve amassed for it.
[Naofumi] So what kind of plan
do you have in mind
for destroying
something that big?
[man 2 grumbles]
The Shield Hero?
If the Queen’s right,
then we’ve got two or three days
at the most.
We need to come up with a plan
before it wakes up.
There’s not much time.
A plan? We don’t need
a plan for this thing.
We have brave knights
and soldiers
from every kingdom in the land!
If we charge in
with our full force,
that tortoise
won’t stand a chance.
- [staff clunks]
- The man’s right.
We do not need the help
of the Four Heroes!
- [chair thumps]
- [man 4] Then you’ll fail!
We must have thrown
tens of thousands
of our most loyal troops
at that walking fortress!
They fought
with everything they had,
and they hardly made a scratch!
Defeating it using conventional
means is impossible!
So we don’t have a choice.
We need the help
of the Four Heroes to do this.
We’ll help, right?
Maybe.
[Naofumi] As long as no one’s
charging into battle
with a death wish.
I want to minimize casualties.
Otherwise it will interfere
with our real job,
which is to fight the Waves.
If you’re not more polite,
they’re not going to help you.
Now then...
let us begin formulating
a plan that’s clever enough
to triumph over
the treacherous Sprit Tortoise.
[sighs]
[Elrasla] Well, if it isn’t
my favorite nervous wreck
of a student.
Hey! What’s Eclair doing here?
[Rishia] Instructor!
What brings you here?
I caught wind that the Saint
is going to fight
one of the legendary monsters.
As soon as I heard that,
I dropped everything
to come and help out.
And I did the same thing.
This is a threat to my nation
that rivals the Waves.
I hope Naofumi
can forgive me for this,
but I stopped
training the troops
in order to get here in time.
I see.
[Eclair] Speaking of Naofumi,
where is he?
I think...
he’s in that building.
Something about a plan
to defeat the Spirit Tortoise?
It’s not fair that Raphtalia
is the only one
that gets to go with him!
And when are we getting food?
[sighs] So that would mean
the Queen is with him right now.
[gasps]
[Rishia] That’s the woman
we saw earlier.
You’ve seen her before?
But she’s...
[sighs]
[man 2] Before I hear
what the Shield Hero
thinks of all this,
I’d like to know what’s taking
the Seven Star Heroes
so long to get here.
[sighs] I’ve received word that
they’ve left their countries
and are on the way,
but some are far off,
so they
may not make it in time.
[Naofumi] Seven Star Heroes?
They use vassal weapons too.
However, the weapons
that they wield
are different
from the Four Cardinal Heroes.
While some of them were
unexpectedly summoned here
from another world like you,
others were chosen
from this world.
Vassal weapons, huh?
[no audible dialogue]
So there are other heroes
out there besides us?
How strong are they?
To be perfectly honest,
as of now,
they are most likely weaker than
you and the other three Heroes.
[Naofumi] That’s better
than nothing, I guess.
[sighs] Okay, so where are
these Seven Star Heroes?
[Mirellia] Well, they’re...
- [door opens]
- [woman] Excuse me.
[Mirellia] Aren’t you...
It’s been many years.
We meet again,
Queen of Melromarc.
Hold on a second.
- Isn’t that the...
- Sure is.
Milady!
I’m so relieved you’re safe.
"Milady"?
She is the concubine
of the now-deceased King
of the Spirit Tortoise Kingdom
and the nation’s regent.
I didn’t give you my name when
we met the other day, did I,
Shield Hero?
Allow me to introduce myself.
I’m Ost Hourai
of Spirit Tortoise Kingdom.
[Naofumi] Ost Hourai?
Correct. And for the time being,
I am the King’s regent.
At least, that’s
what the world thinks I am.
[all gasp]
Contrary
to what you might think,
I am a familiar
of the Spirit Tortoise.
What?
[gasps]
I’m not the first
of his familiars you’ve met.
I might be the first
you haven’t slain, though.
[gasps] Don’t tell me.
Does that mean you’re the same
as all those bats and yetis
we fought off earlier?
Yes. However,
I take the form of a human.
My Lady, what are you saying?
Oh, forgive me.
But yes, everything was a lie.
- Huh?
- This was simply my job.
As a human-type familiar,
I was told to get close
to the center of power
and use subterfuge to gather
a small number of souls.
[man 3 sighs]
Hold up. What the hell
are you talking about?
Gathering a number of souls?
What do you mean by that?
It is the task of my lord,
the Great Spirit Tortoise,
to block the Waves of Calamity
from appearing.
To do so, he must use souls
as a resource.
[gasps] What?
To block the Waves
from appearing?
Yes.
Human-type familiars
such as myself
were tasked
with deceiving those in power
in hopes of causing
warring countries to fight
so we could gather souls.
And if that failed,
monster familiars would be used
to gather the souls gradually
from all over the world.
But if neither
of those tactics worked,
then as a last resort...
the seal on the Spirit Tortoise
would be broken,
and in a desperate attempt
to gather enough souls,
it would roam across the world,
taking the lives
of those crushed beneath it.
But this time, someone broke
the seal without any warning,
meaning the destruction
that the Spirit Tortoise
is causing now
is against its volition.
Even if it stops the Waves,
if it isn’t stopped now,
there will be
no world left to protect,
and I will not be able
to fulfill my sole duty.
So please, Shield Hero,
put the Spirit Tortoise
out of its misery
and stop this chaos.
[sighs] You mentioned earlier
that someone broke the seal,
is that right?
Is that something
that anybody could have done?
Only I know the method
to do such a thing,
or at least I thought I was.
A human-type familiar
is to inform the Four Heroes
how to break the seal
should they ever
somehow discover our plans
and defeat us.
What?! And you’re telling us?
Why would you want to do
something like that?
When the Waves
cannot be stopped,
it falls onto you,
the Four Cardinal Heroes,
to revive the Spirit Tortoise
and gather the necessary souls.
Only then
will the Waves stand still.
What other options are there
at that point?
- [gasps]
[Naofumi] "The world demands
sacrifices from all life."
[sighs] Is that
what you meant, Fitoria?
If everything you just told us
is the truth, then...
how very cruel.
What a terrible trial
fate has concocted
for both us
and the Cardinal Heroes.
I’m sorry. Please forgive me.
I can’t believe it.
So all this time,
you were only deceiving us
with that guise of yours?
And I thought you
to be someone trustworthy.
Please forgive me,
but it was my duty.
I wanted to look the part,
so I played the role.
Of an evil consort, you know?
[Mirellia] I see.
[Naofumi] So right now,
the Spirit Tortoise is out there
even though its real self
doesn’t wanna be?
Yes. I believe whoever
managed to break the seal
is the one controlling it.
I know you’re just a familiar,
there but must be something
you can do about it, right?
Don’t tell me you came here
expecting us to do
the dirty work for you.
Not at all.
I’ll help when I can
and provide any advice I have.
I want to find out
who’s behind this.
[clears throat]
The Spirit Tortoise...
has a tendency to head towards
densely populated areas,
as more souls
are gathered there.
Which would mean that this city
is most likely its next target.
[Mirellia] Thank you.
I believe we already knew this
from the legends, so then...
- Eh?
- [Naofumi] Anything else?
Yes, um...
well, there’s...
The head.
Do you know about the head?
If you cut its head off,
then the Spirit Tortoise
will have to stop!
Believe it or not,
most monsters tend to die
if you cut their heads off.
- Enough of this!
- [gasps]
The war council standing before
you here is a sacred place!
Is this a joke?
If it is, then I’ll
take your head off first!
Who knows? That might get rid
of the Spirit Tortoise as well!
Sorry.
It doesn’t work like that.
You have to defeat
the real Spirit Tortoise.
Otherwise, I’ll just come back,
no matter how many times
you might kill me.
[grumbles]
Calm down. We know how
to defeat the Spirit Tortoise.
We’re just missing
a thought-out plan
that all of us can rally behind.
What’s more important
right now is...
A leader. We need to decide
who will take charge.
Wait, what?
We will.
We’re providing
the bulk of the corps,
so it only makes sense
we take command.
Oh, really? And how do you
plan on taking its head off
without the power
of our siege weapons?
Last I checked, we had the most,
so I should lead.
That said, If I’m not mistaken,
Melromarc is providing
the majority
of the funding, right?
On top of that, they were able
to procure the Shield Hero.
That isn’t the issue
we’re dealing with right now.
She’s right! It doesn’t matter
who ends up taking command,
as long as we’re all
in agreement that our battalion
is the clear choice to take
the vanguard of the charge.
[man 1] What difference
is one battalion
going to make in a charge?
- [chair scrapes]
- [man 3] He’s right!
You should stay in the rear,
where your forces belong!
[man 4] How are we
supposed to avenge our dead
- if we’re in the rear?
- You’ll die for nothing!
[man 4] If it brings victory,
we’ll die gladly!
I’ve heard enough!
I couldn’t care less
about who’s in charge
of you people,
but if you keep this up, then
I’m through with all this crap.
[officers murmur]
Watch your tone!
You have no right
to speak like that!
If you’ve got a plan
that will take down
the Spirit Tortoise
with minimal casualties,
then I’ll take anybody’s orders.
I’ll even give the orders.
However, if you’re all
gonna waste your time here
arguing about who’s gonna get
the credit for defeating it,
then just forget it.
What?
I can take care of it myself.
The only reason I’m here is so
that I can protect my territory.
Sit here and complain
all you want.
[Raphtalia gasps]
[polite grunt]
- [footsteps fading]
- [Ost sighs]
[wind blowing]
[ominous music playing]
[Eclair] It ended
without an agreement?
Not that I should be surprised,
but what is he doing?
Oh, well.
Guess we’re fighting it alone.
That sounds
like the Saint’s style.
Does he have any idea
what he’s done?
We can’t do this all alone,
not when its big enough
to step on all of us at once.
Please forgive me.
If only I had tried
to be more mysterious,
then they
may have listened to me.
[Elrasla] Huh?
[Raphtalia gasps]
Oh, pardon me,
but would you mind
maybe introducing yourselves?
Oh, of course!
I never did give you my name
last time we met, did I?
My name is Raphtalia.
And this one over here is...
You can call me Filo!
M-My name is Rishia Ivyred.
My name’s Elrasla Grilaroc,
and I’m known
as the heir to Hengen Muso.
And I am Eclair Seyaette,
Lord of the Seyaette lands.
[chuckles]
Speaking of which,
Master Naofumi
is a ruler of a demi-human area
within Seyaette.
[Raphtalia] Eclair was both
kind and skilled enough
to volunteer
and train the demi-humans
about the basics
of swordsmanship.
On top of training
the demi-humans,
she’s been training
Rishia and I in her spare time
[Ost] Oh, my.
How thoughtful of her!
[Eclair] My father died
in the first Wave,
so everything I’ve done
was to try and atone
for his failure
to protect their village.
However, I don’t think anything
can atone for what he did.
Eclair, you’ve done
your absolute best,
and that’s more than enough.
I mean, just look at how much
I’ve improved with my sword.
I couldn’t be
more grateful to you.
That goes for me too!
It fills me with joy
to hear that.
[all chuckle]
Oh, forgive me.
I never gave you
my name either.
You’re the regent
of the Spirit Tortoise Kingdom.
I’ve heard of you, Ost Hourai.
Oh, that was just a lie.
- What?
- Huh?
A lie?
[Ost] It’s a bit
of a long story.
[Raphtalia sighs]
[insects chirping]
[Raphtalia]
You’re not cold out here?
[Naofumi sighs]
It gets chilly at night
around this area, doesn’t it?
Yeah, but I’m fine.
[Raphtalia]
It sure is a pretty town.
[Naofumi] Yeah.
[Raphtalia] If it weren’t for
what happened, I bet the lights
inside all of the houses
would make it even prettier.
[Naofumi] I bet.
[water flowing]
You think this town
will be destroyed too?
From the destruction
of the Spirit Tortoise?
At this rate,
it sure does look like it.
How sad.
We can’t change that?
Who knows?
I think it’s amazing that our
village is so important to you.
It’s quite admirable.
Although,
I don’t want you thinking
the village
is all that matters.
[Naofumi sighs]
You might not agree
with what I’m about to say,
but I don’t think those generals
are as mean-spirited
as you think.
Deep down,
I’m sure that they want
to protect their homelands
as much as you do.
They just want a leader
that can do that for them.
[Naofumi] Hmm.
And you said it yourself,
that you’d be willing
to take command
if there was a good plan, right?
[gasps]
Then let’s think of one.
With Filo, Rishia,
and the Queen,
anything is possible.
If our plan is good enough,
the generals will have nothing
left to complain or argue about.
Which means everyone
will want to rally behind you.
I mean, why wouldn’t they?
You are the Shield Hero,
after all.
[wind blowing]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Some pep talk.
[dramatic music playing]
[Naofumi]
If the Spirit Tortoise goes
wherever there’s
a large number of souls,
then there’s no reason for us
to wage battle inside the town.
We’ll use our numbers
to lure it out.
And remember,
you don’t need to defeat it.
You only need to pin it down.
We can take care of the rest.
Haikazuya will provide
a dragon-rider battalion
to serve as decoy.
When it comes to cavalry,
heavy troops, and archers,
no one comes close
to the strength of our nation.
And as for pinning it down...
There’s no need to worry.
Lowhirot has already stationed
every siege weapon
in its control.
No matter how large it is,
we can at least
knock out one of its legs.
That’s good.
However, that still
might not be enough.
[gasps]
That’s not in use, is it?
[man 2] I highly doubt it.
That’s a fortress
from the last great war.
It’s safe to say it’s
been abandoned for decades.
Think we’re able
to bring it down?
With ritual magic or something?
I’m sure Mideus can provide
the mages that could do it,
but keep in mind
it will only work once.
We’ll do it as many times
as you want,
as long as you don’t care
how many mages die.
On the other hand,
we have more than enough bombs
to blow up a mountain.
We never got
a chance to use ’em.
[Naofumi]
Let’s go with the bombs.
We’ll keep
the multicaster magic for later.
Very well.
We’ll proceed with that.
[Mideus officer grunts]
Now then, we might have
all that taken care of,
but we need a plan for its head.
It would be hard
to do it with this.
You think I could eat it,
Master?
Probably not.
What?
We’ll head back and
come up with a plan ourselves.
Agreed. With me
and my student’s Hengen Muso,
along with
Raphtalia’s swordsmanship,
I’m sure there’s a way
to take this tortoise down.
Naofumi, sorry to interrupt,
but is there
anything I can to do help?
Hmm.
Why don’t you go with Ost
and try to learn
what you can
about the Spirit Tortoise.
Huh?
[Naofumi]
That’s an important job, Rishia.
Probably.
Let’s do our best!
Right.
[music playing]
Oh, right. I stopped at
the capital before coming here,
where your friend Erhardt
trusted me
with something to give to you.
[Naofumi] Hmm?
I’ll get it.
It’s beautiful, isn’t it?
[gasps]
[Rishia] How do I look?
Kweh! Kweh!
[Raphtalia]
Just like the real thing!
[Filo] When have I
ever said, "Kweh"?
- [laughter]
- [Rishia] Kweh! Kweh!
So you’re journeying
with the Shield Hero
for the sake
of the Bow Hero, huh?
You want to fight by his side
one day that badly?
That sums it all up.
But when you say it like that,
it makes me sound like
an awful person, doesn’t it?
It was my choice
to bring you with me,
so try not to be
so hard on yourself.
R-Right.
I bet you’re in love
with the Bow Hero, aren’t you?
Eh?!
If you are, then I have
just the perfect advice
to give you!
I’m not too sure I can help
with the Spirit Tortoise,
but I can with this!
Y-You think so?
What could I do?
The key is to get intimate
as fast as possible!
- [gasps]
- Hmm?
Make a move and think later!
I’ve lost track of how many
royals I’ve been able to seduce
just by making the first move.
Wh-Wh-What? I can’t do that!
And after all, it’s not
like I’m in love with him!
- Come on.
- [Elrasla chuckles]
You’re telling me
you haven’t considered it?
- [gasps]
- [Naofumi] Who knows?
Maybe something will come of it
if you plant one on him.
- Stop! I’m begging you!
[Elrasla] Oh, to be young
and in love again.
- [chuckles]
- Does that really work?
And how would you know?
- [high-pitched screeching]
- [all gasp]
[Ost] The Spirit Tortoise.